=pod

=head1 NAME

Dancer::SessionFactory::Sereal - Dancer 2 session storage in files with Sereal

=head1 VERSION

version 0.001

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module implements Dancer 2 session engine based on L<Sereal> files.

This backend can be used in single-machine production environments, but two
things should be kept in mind: The content of the session files is not
encrypted or protected in anyway and old session files should be purged by a
CRON job.

=head1 CONFIGURATION

The setting B<session> should be set to C<Sereal> in order to use this session
engine in a Dancer application.

Files will be stored to the value of the setting C<session_dir>, whose default
value is C<appdir/sessions>.

Here is an example configuration that use this session engine and stores session
files in /tmp/dancer-sessions

    session: "Sereal"

    engines:
      session:
        Sereal:
          session_dir: "/tmp/dancer-sessions"

=head1 SEE ALSO

See L<Dancer::Session> for details about session usage in route handlers.

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<https://github.com/dagolden/dancer-sessionfactory-sereal/issues>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/dagolden/dancer-sessionfactory-sereal>

  git clone git://github.com/dagolden/dancer-sessionfactory-sereal.git

=head1 AUTHOR

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2013 by David Golden.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Apache License, Version 2.0, January 2004

